Copy edit player-tags-create.md (#1224)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: mppm/player-tags/player-tags-create.md

---
id: player-tags-create

title: Create a Player Tag
description: Use these steps to create Player Tags to configure the player actions in Multiplayer Play Mode.
---

To create a **Player Tag**, perform the following actions:

> 1. Open the Multiplayer Play mode window (**Window** > **Multiplayer Play Mode**).

Author: ```suggestion
1. To open the Multiplayer Play mode window, navigate to **Window** > **Multiplayer Play Mode**.
```

description: Use these steps to create Player Tags to configure the player actions in Multiplayer Play Mode.
---

To create a **Player Tag**, perform the following actions: 

1. In the **Unity Editor**, open the **Multiplayer Play Mode** window by navigating to **Window** > **Multiplayer Play Mode**.

> 2. Select the plus sign ![plus sign](/img/add.png) under **Player Tags** to create a new tag.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add Tags for Player**.
1. In the dropdown list, select **+ Create Tag**
```

Author: Does Docusaurus accept the "1. 1. 1." numbering like Github-flavored Markdown, or do we need to update all of the numbers here?

Author: In fact, we may want to replace this with the wording from https://docs-multiplayer.unity3d.com/mppm/current/player-tags/player-tags-attach/ for consistency.

Reviewer: Updated list and instructions for consistency, thanks :)

3. Name the **Player Tag**.

> 4. Select **Save**. The new tag is automatically added to the `VirtualProjectsConfig.json` file in the `ProjectsSettings` folder.

Author: Where is this folder? I was going to check that there's an "s" on the end of "Projects," but I don't know where to find the folder.

Reviewer: Following this one up with Johann

Reviewer: This is in the project directory, I'll update the instructions to state this :)
![image](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs/assets/63712500/4c57ac09-8b21-4c9d-aa7c-c6de93768cd3)
